feat(ai): add n8n doc (#5382)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/reference-content/integrate-with-n8n.mdx

2. Click `+` > **Workflow** in the top left corner to create a new workflow.
3. Click **Add first step** to define what will trigger this workflow.
4. Type **AI agent** in the search bar, and select that option from the search results.
    A form displays prompting you to define parameters and settings for the AI agent. You can come back to this later, if necessary.
5. Click **Back to canvas** in the top left corner.
    A canvas displays, visually showing the trigger **When chat message received**, connected to the node **AI agent**.
6. Click **Chat Model +** underneath the AI agent node to define a chat model for the agent.
    A list of language models displays.
7. Select **OpenAI Chat Model**.
    A form displays prompting you to define parameters and settings for the model.
8. Under **Credential to connect with**, click **Select Credential** > **Create new credential**.
    A form displays prompting you to enter the credentials.
9. Fill in the form, to add where prompted:
    - The secret part of your [Scaleway API key](https://console.scaleway.com/iam/api-keys)
    - The URL `https://api.scaleway.ai/v1` as your base URL
    <Message type="tip">

>     If you are using a Project other than your [default Project](TODO), modify the base URL accordingly: `https://api.scaleway.ai/{project_id}/v1`

Author: ```suggestion
    If you are using a Project other than your [default Project](/organizations-and-projects/concepts/#default-project), modify the base URL accordingly: `https://api.scaleway.ai/{project_id}/v1`
```

    </Message>

> 10. Click **Save**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Click **Save**.
```

1. Click the **Open chat** button at the bottom of the screen.
    The chat interface displays.
2. Enter your question in the **Chat** box on the left, e.g. `How much is 1 + 1 ?`, and send it.
3. Check the result that displays in the **Output** box on the right, e.g. `I can calculate that for you. The answer is 2.`.

### Adding tools

You can add **tools** to the AI Agent node you created, to define new capabilities and actions for the agent. A "tool" lets the agent, for example, call another n8n workflow, make an HTTP request, or run pre-defined code.

In the example below, we create and add a code tool to provide weather information.

1. Click **Tool +** underneath the AI agent node to define a new tool for the agent.
  A list of tools displays.
2. Click **Code Tool**.
  A form displays prompting you to define parameters and settings for the tool.
3. In the **Description** box, enter `This tool provides the weather in Paris.`
4. Under **Language**, select **Javascript**.
5. In the **Javascript** code box, edit the return statement in the sample code as follows:
    ```javascript

>     return "Paris is sunny with clear skies, and the temperature is 30 degrees"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    return "Paris is sunny with clear skies, and the temperature is 30 degrees"
    ```
```

4. Test the chat by sending a message in the bottom left. The output is a json object containing session ID, action and chatInput fields.
5. Click `+` to the right of your **When chat message received** node to define what happens next.
6. Type **Simple Vector Store** in the search bar, and select that option from the search results.
7. From the **Actions** sub-menu that displays, click **Add documents to vector store**.
    A form displays prompting you to define parameters and settings.
8. Click **+** under **Embeddings** at the bottom of the form to add an embedding.
    A list of embeddings nodes displays.
9. Click **Embeddings OpenAPI**
    A form displays prompting you to define parameters and settings.
10. Under **Credential to connect with**, select existing credentials and skip to step 15, or click **Select Credential** > **Create new credential**.
    A form displays prompting you to enter the credentials.
11. Fill in the form, to add where prompted:
    - The secret part of your [Scaleway API key](https://console.scaleway.com/iam/api-keys)
    - The URL `https://api.scaleway.ai/v1` as your base URL
    <Message type="tip">

>     If you are using a Project other than your [default Project](TODO), modify the base URL accordingly: `https://api.scaleway.ai/{project_id}/v1`

Reviewer 2: I guess "Todo" should be switched to this link:
https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/organizations-and-projects/concepts/#default-project

14. Under **Model**, click your chosen model, e.g. `bge-multilingual-gemma2` (other listed models are not supported by Scaleway Generative APIs at the time of writing).
    <Message type="note">
    For n8n versions earlier than `1.104.1`, a [known issue](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n/issues/16716) prevents the model list from displaying. If you cannot upgrade your n8n version, you can still Select **Expression** instead of **Fixed** and type the model name.
    </Message>
15. Click **Back to canvas** in the top left corner.
16. Click **Document +** underneath the Simple Vector Store node.
  A list of document loaders displays.
17. Click **Default Data Loader**
  A form displays prompting you to define parameters and settings for the data loader.
18. Under **Mode**, select ** Load Specific Data**.
17. Drag and drop the **chatInput** field from the **Input** panel on the left into the **Data** field of the main form. Alternatively type `{{ $('When chat message received').item.json.chatInput }}` into the **Data** field.
18. Click **Back to canvas**

<Lightbox image={scwN8nEmbeddings} alt="The visual interface of n8n shows the embeddings workflow" />

### Testing the workflow

> You can test the workflow by opening a chat from the interface, sending it a message, and checking that the output is a list of embeddings. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can test the workflow by opening a chat from the interface, sending it a message, and checking that the output is an embedding (list of vectors). 
```
